README.md, before:

# CloudToLocal

Automated online backup tool for local backups with Youtube, Soundcloud, and Musi

## Installation 
 
Install Deps With Given `requirements.txt' file: 
> `pip install -r requirements.txt` 

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> It is crucial that you keep the deps up to date. If download failures start
> to occur it is most likely that yt-dlp needs an update. If you find that this 
> is the case submit an issue and or update the yt-dlp package

## Usage
    
In order to use this program you must either specify everything via arguments 
or through a configuration file. 

Because this is intended to be an automation, it is highly recommended that you
use a file.

Below is a list of all the current options

```
usage: ctl.py [-h] [--config CONFIG]
              [--download_playlists DOWNLOAD_PLAYLISTS [DOWNLOAD_PLAYLISTS ...]]
              --outdir OUTDIR [--unavail_file UNAVAIL_FILE]
              [--retry_amt RETRY_AMT]
              [--fail_on_warning FAIL_ON_WARNING] [--verbose VERBOSE]

Automated Youtube and Soundcloud Downloader

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --config CONFIG, -c CONFIG
                        Configuration File Path
  --download_playlists DOWNLOAD_PLAYLISTS [DOWNLOAD_PLAYLISTS ...], -i DOWNLOAD_PLAYLISTS [DOWNLOAD_PLAYLISTS ...]
                        List of Playlists To Download Can Be Either
                        Youtube or Soundcloud
  --outdir OUTDIR, -o OUTDIR
                        Directory To Output Files To
  --unavail_file UNAVAIL_FILE, -u UNAVAIL_FILE
                        List Of Video URLS Unavailable For Download
  --retry_amt RETRY_AMT, -r RETRY_AMT
                        Amount Of Times To Retry Non-Fatal Download
                        Errors
  --fail_on_warning FAIL_ON_WARNING, -w FAIL_ON_WARNING
                        Exit Program On Failure
  --verbose VERBOSE, -v VERBOSE
                        Enable Verbose Output
```

## Tips

When using the `unavail_file` option it will give you the urls of the videos
that failed. For these songs you can not get the relevent information through
youtube's site. I recommned using the [Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/)
in order to obtain the information you need to replace that song.

There is currently no option to pass cookies to this script. Therefore, age 
restricted videos will not work.

Commit message:

create setup.py and update docs

README.md, after:

# CloudToLocal

Automated online backup tool for local backups with Youtube, Soundcloud, and Musi

## Installation 
 
Install Deps With setup.py 
> `pip install .` 

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> It is crucial that you keep the deps up to date. If download failures start
> to occur it is most likely that yt-dlp needs an update. If you find that this 
> is the case submit an issue and or update the yt-dlp package

## Usage
    
In order to use this program you must either specify everything via arguments 
or through a configuration file. 

Because this is intended to be an automation, it is highly recommended that you
use a file.

Below is a list of all the current options

```
usage: ctl-dl.py [-h] [--replace_filenames REPLACE_FILENAMES]
                 [--config CONFIG]
                 [--playlists PLAYLISTS [PLAYLISTS ...]] --outdir
                 OUTDIR [--unavail_file UNAVAIL_FILE]
                 [--retry_amt RETRY_AMT]
                 [--fail_on_warning FAIL_ON_WARNING]
                 [--verbose VERBOSE] [--not_found NOT_FOUND]
                 [--missing_albums MISSING_ALBUMS]

Automated Youtube and Soundcloud Downloader

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --replace_filenames REPLACE_FILENAMES, -r REPLACE_FILENAMES
                        Attempt To Replace Filename With Official
                        YTMusic Name and embed metadata
  --config CONFIG, -c CONFIG
                        Configuration File Path
  --playlists PLAYLISTS [PLAYLISTS ...], -i PLAYLISTS [PLAYLISTS ...]
                        List of Playlists To Download Can Be Either
                        Youtube or Soundcloud
  --outdir OUTDIR, -o OUTDIR
                        Directory To Output Files To
  --unavail_file UNAVAIL_FILE, -u UNAVAIL_FILE
                        List Of Video URLS Unavailable For Download
  --retry_amt RETRY_AMT, -retry RETRY_AMT
                        Amount Of Times To Retry Non-Fatal Download
                        Errors
  --fail_on_warning FAIL_ON_WARNING, -w FAIL_ON_WARNING
                        Exit Program On Failure
  --verbose VERBOSE, -v VERBOSE
                        Enable Verbose Output
  --not_found NOT_FOUND, -nf NOT_FOUND
                        File Path To Output Songs That Failed The
                        YTMusic Search
  --missing_albums MISSING_ALBUMS, -ma MISSING_ALBUMS
                        File Path To Output Songs That Failed To Verify
                        The Album`
```

## Tips

When using the `unavail_file` option it will give you the urls of the videos
that failed. For these songs you can not get the relevent information through
youtube's site. I recommned using the [Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/)
in order to obtain the information you need to replace that song.

There is currently no option to pass cookies to this script. Therefore, age 
restricted videos will not work.
